# Volman

On Cloud Foundry, applications connect to services via a service
marketplace. Each service has a Service Broker, with encapsulates the
logic for creating, managing, and binding services to applications.
Until recently, the only data services that have been allowed were ones
with a network-based connection, such as a SQL database. With Volume
Services, we've added the ability to attach data services that have a
filesystem-based interface.

Currently, we have platform support for **Shared Volumes**. Shared
Volumes are distributed filesystems, such as NFS-based systems, which
allow all instances of an application to share the same mounted volume
simultaneously and access it concurrently.

This feature adds two new concepts to CF: **Volume Mounts** on Service
Brokers and **Volume Drivers** on Diego Cells, which are described
below.

For more information on CF Volume Services, please refer to [this
introductory
document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YtPMY9EjxlgJPa4SVVwIinfid_fshCF48xRhzyoZhrQ/edit?usp=sharing).

> \[!NOTE\]
>
> This repository should be imported as `code.cloudfoundry.org/volman`.

# Docs

-   [Overview](./docs/01-overview.md)

# Contributing

See the [Contributing.md](./.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) for more
information on how to contribute.

# Working Group Charter

This repository is maintained by [App Runtime
Platform](https://github.com/cloudfoundry/community/blob/main/toc/working-groups/app-runtime-platform.md)
under `Diego` area.

> \[!IMPORTANT\]
>
> Content in this file is managed by the [CI task
> `sync-readme`](https://github.com/cloudfoundry/wg-app-platform-runtime-ci/blob/c83c224ad06515ed52f51bdadf6075f56300ec93/shared/tasks/sync-readme/metadata.yml)
> and is generated by CI following a convention.
